and here's the finished product
[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I am going
back back to London for a very operating
event I am so so excited for this
because it's just one of those things
which is just going to be so
historically important I recognize that
so if you didn't know I studied the wild
bull run literature as part of my
English eat up and as part of that
course I was really encouraged to
rehumanize the victims of World War one
I can particularly appreciate just how
important this film released it so this
evening I am going to the premiere of
facial occurs which is a film by Peter
Jackson and it's basically restoring the
footage which was taken in the First
World War the grainy footage which
really prevents us from fully
associating with and understanding these
men some of the footage has been put
into colors and now it looks like it was
shot
by HD cameras it's incredible and I'm so
excited to both see it and so to
interview Peter Jackson later which is
kind of exciting thoroughly the station
events in Davis I'm going to take you
along on my journey this evening and
also tomorrow which is the eeprom ear of
the event I am so excited for this and
I'm really excited to take you along
[Music]
okay so I'm in my hotel room it's a king
like a complete mess because I need to
get out of here really quickly I'm going
to basically I've got 15 minutes to get
over to the National Theater I'm all
ready for the premiere this is what I'm
wearing I decided to wear these cool
arouses my whole outfit is from Zara as
well if you're wondering these are smart
more than formal so they more than
traditional premiere so this is what
I've gone for and I hope it's okay
so I'm here now and I'm just waiting for
somebody who's going to you
tell me more okay so the kisses for Evie
I am
invariably went to the wrong place
because my it's completely completely
atrocious but that's fine for kids
we've decided to meet somewhere halfway
through while I was and where Stacey was
now I'm gonna head over to the right
place so I'm going to the Southbank
Centre and I'm not going to make the way
help paint down here you'd have to
follow your little own blue dot the
direction tool is honestly a lifesaver
for people like me you can't
do direction no get focused so I am
really really really excited but I had
to do the other thing where it went I
walked down the side of the red carpet
to get into the BFI
and then I checked I said I'm in I'm in
the gift shop and I was in the wrong
gift shop
[Music]
there you go
Thanks
[Music]
so it's currently about 11 ish and I got
back a little while ago but I decided to
call my parents I want to talk to you
about this event oh my goodness
the film was incredible I was expecting
for it to be powerful
I mean I'd spoken to people beforehand
and they'd said you know it's amazing
it's revolutionary it's gonna change the
way that we approach the first world war
from an education point of view but I
was not prepared for that that was
incredible
the thing that really struck me the
thing that I really loved about it was
this emphasis on bringing to light
something which had never before been
brought to light an experience which was
entirely new and highly alien so it's
this part it's the events on the front
line which are put into color
it's these events which are made really
significant these events which have
never been seen before and that's
emphasized through the colored colored
footage but oh my goodness the moment
when you see everything in color it's so
surreal because it feels like it could
have been shot you know a few years ago
I doesn't feel like it's old never seen
what one fetish like that and that's
because we've never had were born that
just like that I mean what has been done
with this footage what Peter Jackson
that's done is incredible good morning
so today I am going to the Youth
premiere which I'm really excited about
so I'm not leaving till 11:30 it's
currently 8:30 and I've just made my bed
I'm gonna head downstairs for breakfast
now and at the same time I'm just gonna
go over the interview questions which I
pre prepared for Peter Jackson and dance
nova cares since seeing the film I want
to alter them slightly and then I'm
going to comment back up here and I
think I might just do some studying
until about 11:00 and then I'll head
how old was your granddad joined up 20
it was one of money the 1891 the join of
1910 really how old are you I'm 16
let's say from the same part of Wales
like I could have been in the war if I
was to do do you think this film might
help the younger generation really
empathize Dantas well we usually decided
didn't you should even died with any
human beings at that if you can you know
I mean to have empathy as they have
essentially you don't look at some of
these experiences but experiencing and
so a few people to feel for them and to
understand exactly how the way you want
to achieve the ruins of people like this
generation that never met anyone who
served in the First World War there's no
personal link did you want them to be
able to see it that's gonna maybe you
see it in your mind's eye yeah when
you're dealing with the first world war
on film you know again to kind of make
the fundamental decision which which I
didn't make it the beginning because
when I started this by using just my way
through that you're either taking of the
approach of an historian or you know or
you go a little personal way and don't
luckily some restored the footage and we
saw these faces coming alive it was
clear that the more personal way
that's a central venous Orient yeah
that's what the story is they don't care
so I think what yeah heroes are people
actually my friend on the minute and the
woman on my phone I just focus on some
minute minute the wishing for this that
the woman in the factories of the
minutes a set of story how do you
recommend I think the good thing is just
you can watch this film and then I think
you need to I think you need to think
about the issues why do we do what all
the men tell us to do why don't you save
the generals nothing save my train from
Paddington Paddington foods for some
reason say I can't catch that train I'm
gonna catch them from the border to do
instead but it's gonna be an extra hour
and from the journey which is kind of
annoying but it's fine because I've
actually downloaded too many readings to
do
it should be a machine not true kitchen
lunch and physics quite nice
even option
[Music]
I went it really hard to be productive
I try to be proud if I try to still sit
down
[Music]
identity and then
get to college
responds to them
ready for tomorrow
I don't know what the name of this TV
this train is for exodus and ravenous
the next station is
[Music]